Some 4.2 million square kilometers were battered by this winter's strongest blizzard, which lasted from Tuesday to Thursday. According to the authorities, 92 counties and cities in northwestern and central regions have reported record snowfall for January.
此轮暴雪过程从2日持续到4日，降雪覆盖面积约420万平方公里。据气象台称，西北部及中部地区有92个县（市）降雪量创下了当地1月降雪量纪录。
The snow disrupted traffic, and damaged agricultural projects and some buildings, affecting more than 5.67 million people and causing a direct economic loss of 510 million yuan ($78.6 million), according to the Ministry of Civil Affairs.
据民政部表示，大雪扰乱交通，使农作物和部分建筑物遭到破坏，受降雪影响的人数超过567万，造成直接经济损失5.1亿元。
The cold snap that swept in from the northwest brought heavy snow to central regions, mainly Henan and Shanxi provinces, over the weekend.
上周末，从西北地区席卷而来的冷空气给河南和山西为主的中部地区带来了强降雪。
Residents in these regions have received warnings of a dramatic drop in temperature, including in the Hubei capital of Wuhan and the Anhui capital of Hefei, where the mercury is expected to drop by 10 degrees on Tuesday to reach record lows.
这些地区的居民已经收到气温骤降预警，据预测，其中湖北省会武汉和安徽省会合肥9日气温将下降10摄氏度，创下历史最低水平。
"After the cold snap ends, the low temperatures in the southern region will last until Saturday," Ma said.
马学款表示，“寒流过后，南方地区的低温将持续到13日。”
The "bomb cyclone" that slammed the east coast of the US this month killed at least 16, according to CNN.
据美国有线电视新闻网报道，本月袭击美国东海岸的“炸弹旋风”造成至少16人死亡。
The US National Weather Service (NWS) said the temperature in New York City had reached an all-time low for January 6 of -13C (8F).
美国国家气象局称，1月6日纽约市的气温为零下13摄氏度，创历史新低。
Thousands of flights from the city's John F Kennedy airport were delayed by blizzard conditions, and other airports in the eastern US also suffered problems.
纽约州约翰肯尼迪机场的数千架航班因暴风雪天气延误，美国东部的其他机场也遭遇了相同的境况。
More than 1ft (30cm) of snow blanketed parts of US states including Massachusetts, Connecticut, Maine and New Hampshire, according to the NWS.
据美国国家气象局称，马萨诸塞州、康涅狄格州、缅因州和新罕布什尔州等地积雪厚度超过30厘米。
In eastern Canada, temperatures close to -50C (-58F) were forecast for northern Ontario and Quebec. Toronto airport has also experienced delays and cancellations.
在加拿大东部，安大略北部和魁北克气温预计将接近零下50摄氏度。多伦多机场已经出现航班延误和取消的情况。
Some experts have suggested these storms may been connected.
一些专家认为这些暴风雪之间可能存在关联。
The winter weather systems that cause snow and other phenomena in the Northern Hemisphere usually affect a certain region. For example, China is affected by the Siberian High, a massive collection of cold dry air that accumulates from September to April, Song Wenling, an expert from the National Climate Center, told China News Service on Sunday.
国家气象中心专家宋文玲6日对中新社表示，北半球引起降雪和其他现象的冬季天气系统通常只影响某一特定地区。例如，中国受西伯利亚高压的影响。西伯利亚高压是一种从9月至来年4月聚积的大规模干冷空气。
However, these systems are not separate because the hemisphere's atmospheric motion means they affect each other, she said, adding there may be some relation between the extremely cold weather.
宋文玲称，然而，这些天气系统并不是独立的，因为北半球的大气运动意味着它们会相互产生影响，极端寒冷的天气可能有某种关系。
