Children are now more likely to want to work in social media or gaming than traditional careers, a survey has found. According to the new research, many seven to 11-year-olds are looking at modern technology when they think about future jobs, rather than professions such as police officer or doctor.
一项调查发现，比起传统的职业，现在的孩子们更想在社交媒体，游戏等领域工作。根据这项最新研究，许多年龄在7到11岁的孩子，在考虑自己未来的职业时，比起警察或者医生，他们更想从事与现代科技有关的职业。
The survey, which involved 13,000 UK primary school children, was carried out by the Education and Employers charity. Asked children to draw pictures of the job they wanted to do when they grow up.
这次研究由教育和雇主慈善组织牵头，样本是13000名英国的小学生。主要通过让孩子画出自己未来想成为的人。
They were then asked questions, such as whether they knew anyone who did this for a living and how they knew about the profession. It concluded that children's career aspirations are often based on factors such as gender stereotypes or what they've seen in the media, TV and film.
然后问他们问题，像是他们至少有谁是以画中的职业营生，他们是通过什么渠道了解画中人的职业。研究总结，孩子们的未来择业，是基于性别的刻板印象，要不就受到其所观看的媒体，电视以及电影的影响。
Around 21% said they wanted to be sportsmen or women, followed by 11% wanting to be teachers, and 7% wanting to be vets. Another 6% wanted to work in social media and gaming. The charity said this was a sign that there had been a 'shift in the aspirations of children, built largely upon new communications methods and the growth of online and console-based gaming'.
调查样本中的21%想要成为体育明星。11%想要成为老师，7%想要成为兽医。另外6%想要从事社交媒体和游戏领域的工作。牵头机构表示，这项研究发现了一种趋势，那就是“小朋友未来的择业发生改变，很大一部分原因是因为新的沟通方式产生，和愈演愈烈的线上和各类终端的游戏。”
'For more and more children and young people, online celebrities and YouTube gaming “vloggers” have taken the place of TV and movie stars,' the report said. 'Social media and gaming is the fourth most popular career choice for children, which singer/musician and actor/actress further down the list at ninth and 13th.
报道称“越来越多的小朋友和年轻人、网红、YouTube游戏视频博主逐渐取代了传统电视和电影明星的地位，社交媒体和游戏相关工作成为最受小朋友们欢迎的职业排名第四，而歌手/音乐家还有演员则跌至第9和第13名。
‘It could be argued that this is due to the growing fame and attraction of YouTube and video blogging stars, who are especially popular among younger audiences. ‘Also, these choices may also speak to children's present worlds. Many seven to 11-year-olds will spend their time gaming and perhaps simultaneously watching celebrity gaming bloggers instructing them how to do it.
“这和YouTube和视频明主越来越有人气，受到年轻观众的关注有关。这些选择也说明了孩子所处的这个世界的现状。许多7到11岁的孩子会花时间玩游戏，说不定还同时看明星游戏博主来指导他们如何通关。
 
The survey found that 5% of children who took part wanted to be in the police, with the same proportion planning on becoming doctors. A gender breakdown shows the top job choice for girls was teacher (19%), followed by vet (11%) and sportswoman (9%), while for boys it was sportsman (34%) followed by social media and gaming (9%) and police (8%).
研究表明有5%的样本想成为警察，同样有5%的人想成为医生。由于性别的不同，女生中有19%的人想成为成为老师，紧随其后的11%的人想成为兽医，还有9%想成为体育明星。而男生中34%的人想成为体育明星，9%想从事游戏和社交媒体方面的工作，还有8%想成为警察。
‘This highlights the pressing need for closer ties between employers and schools, to ensure that all children have access to role models in a wide range of sectors to help them develop an awareness of career options at an early age. ‘This is vital to ensure that all children – regardless of gender and backgrounds – can fulfil their full potential.’
“研究成果表明，在学校和雇佣企业方面要建立联系，来保证在各个领域对于工作要有一个正面的引导，来帮助孩子们做适合自己的一个早期职业选择。这对于每个孩子，无论他们的性别或是背景都很重要，因为这可以最大程度发挥他们的潜能。”
