One such sweater features messages such as "Please don't ask me the grades in final examinations", "Your child is really great", "No talking about salary", "I am on a diet, I can't eat too much" and others. Sweaters with these messages became popular because they provide answers to nagging questions from some youths' parents or relatives.
其中一款卫衣上写着“别问成绩了吧”，“您家孩子最棒棒”，“工资保密”，“我减肥我不能吃太多”等字样。这类卫衣之所以能够走红，是因为上面的话回答了家长和七大姑八大姨喋喋不休的问题。
During Spring Festival, family members gather together and some of the elder ones always ask the younger members of the family questions which they feel reluctant to answer.
春节期间，全家团圆，这时有的长辈总是不停向小辈们提出一些他们不愿回答的问题。
For example, "how many points did you get in final examinations?" "My child got the first in the final examinations, how about you?" "How much is your salary per month?" "Why do you eat so little?" or "When will you be married?".
比如，“期末考了多少分呀”，“我们家孩子期末考第一，你呢”，“你每个月工资多少呀”，“你怎么吃这么少呀”或者“什么时候结婚呀”？
Sweaters of this kind have seen promising sales on the internet. "The sweaters are sold very quickly, I sold more than 400 sweaters yesterday," said one online retailer in response to a reporter from Yangtse Evening Post. The retailer is working hard to prepare more sweaters, and ensure they can be delivered to customers within 48 hours.
这款卫衣在网上销量一片大好。一位店家在接受《扬子晚报》采访时表示：“卫衣卖的特别快，我昨天卖出了400多件。”这位卖家正在努力备好更多衣服，以确保能在48小时内发给顾客。
"It may be useless to stop family members from asking boring questions by wearing the sweaters, " said an internet user named Aiguoaijiaaixiaoyugan.
网友Aiguoaijiaaixiaoyugan称：“穿这款卫衣可能也阻止不了三姑六婆烦人的问题。”
 
"My mother would beat me so hard I may be paralyzed if I wore this sweater," joked a netizen named Fengwuzuoer.
网友Fengwuzuoer则戏称：“如果我穿这件卫衣的话，可能会被妈妈打残吧。”
The seven-minute song utilizes a choir style and rap. The beginning of the song is sung by the choir, which involves a family scene where a recently returned young adult is asked a series of questions by family members. After the "question attack" from relatives, the young man decides to reflect on his past and also defend himself through rap.
这首歌时长7分钟，采用了合唱和说唱结合的方式。开始的部分采用合唱形式，展现了刚回家的年轻人经历的“家人拷问”场景。在亲戚的各种“问题轰炸”之后，年轻人开始以说唱的形式回顾自己的过去并为自己辩解。
